DEFAULT freq
sleeping_processes_mean: 50 mils
runnable_processes_mean: 283 mils
running_processes_mean: 5 mils
num_of_processes: 50
program_time: 317 mils
start_time: 0
cpu_utilization: 82%

DEFAULT large
sleeping_processes_mean: 50 mils
runnable_processes_mean: 293 mils
running_processes_mean: 32 mils
num_of_processes: 10
program_time: 334 mils
start_time: 0
cpu_utilization: 83%

//

SJF freq
sleeping_processes_mean: 50 mils
runnable_processes_mean: 294 mils
running_processes_mean: 6 mils
num_of_processes: 50
program_time: 327 mils
start_time: 0
cpu_utilization: 82%

SJF large
sleeping_processes_mean: 50 mils
runnable_processes_mean: 309 mils
running_processes_mean: 34 mils
num_of_processes: 10
program_time: 351 mils
start_time: 0
cpu_utilization: 84%

//

FCFS freq
sleeping_processes_mean: 50 mils
runnable_processes_mean: 289 mils
running_processes_mean: 5 mils
num_of_processes: 50
program_time: 315 mils
start_time: 0
cpu_utilization: 82%

FCFS large
sleeping_processes_mean: 50 mils
runnable_processes_mean: 290 mils
running_processes_mean: 32 mils
num_of_processes: 10
program_time: 328 mils
start_time: 0
cpu_utilization: 83%


